remove normalizing of splits (#2548)
Chatterino/chatterino2: CHANGELOG.md

- Bugfix: Fix CLI arguments (`--help`, `--version`, `--channels`) not being respected (#2368, #2190)
- Bugfix: Fix Twitch cheer emotes not displaying tooltips when hovered (#2434)
- Bugfix: Fix directory not opening when clicking "Open AppData Directory" setting button on macOS (#2531, #2537)

> - Bugfix: Fix splits beeing not accurately sized as they were when the application was previously open

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bugfix: Fix splits being not accurately sized as they were when the application was previously open (#2362, #2548)
```
